Kanaya can conduct which they recommend
undateable not katana today your widget
to study today terima Cantinflas dan um
th temperature Tokyo Disneyland on
skipped off Matala can coking Tokyo
Divini little top hotel Augusto condo Oh
mostly negative
Makoto Yoshiaki go Thomas again using
hot seat electric water tonight even now
conditional mood skip Donna today I can
go go go t-bone own community must know
that a video selfie decide today Munoz
you can experience your dory Edgar it is
very much both of our yoga thing ladies
and gentlemen due to the large number of
guests visiting the park today we have
temporarily stopped all ticket sales
only guests with a Tokyo Disneyland
ticket with today's date a voucher for
Tokyo Disney Resort Park tickets or a
Tokyo Disney Resort Hotel guest card are
being admitted at this time all other
guests may have to wait until later this
afternoon to purchase a ticket for today
we currently anticipates reopening the
ticket booths around 5 p.m.
we sincerely apologize for this
inconvenience and thank you for your
understanding
we'd like to remind you that experience
is open for your enjoyment